Update README.md (#308)
common-workflow-language/cwlviewer: README.md

## Recommended - Running with Docker

> This application can be started with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) so get them installed already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application can be started with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) and Docker Compose is the recommended method of running or developing this codebase.
```

Author: Done!

> Then run the following commands to clone the project in your local system and direct to cwlviewer directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then run the following commands to clone the project in your local system.
```

Author: Done!

   ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/common-workflow-language/cwlviewer.git
    cd cwlviewer 
  ```

In the project directory, to start CWLViewer exposed on port `8080`, run:

    docker-compose up
     

> The web server will connect to a local host, you'll see the message saying "Tomacat started on port(s):8080". Then you can see the appliaction already running.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web server will connect to a local host, you'll see the message saying "Tomacat started on port(s):8080".

To see the locally running CWL Viewer app, isit https://localhost:8080 in your web browser.
```

Author: Done!
